Processor Basic Info Endpoint. HasBeenConfigured Config (#84)
neuralet/smart-social-distancing: README.md

`config-x86-openvino.ini`: for x86 systems accelerated with Openvino

Please note that if you modify these values you should also set `[App]` `HasBeenConfigured` to `"True"`.
This allows for a client to recognize if this processor was previously configured.

You can also modify some of them using the [UI](https://beta.lanthorn.ai). 
If you choose this option, make sure to mount the config file as a volume to keep the changes after any restart of the container.

All the configurations are grouped in *sections* and some of them can vary depending on the chosen device.

- `[App]`

>   - `HasBeenConfigured`: A boolean parameter that state if the *config.ini* was changed or not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `HasBeenConfigured`: A boolean parameter that states whether the *config.ini* was set up or not.
```
